# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AdColony

You must accept the terms and conditions on the AdColony website by registering in order to legally use the AdColony SDK. U.S. based companies will need to complete the W-9 form and send it to us, as well as complete the section on payment information on clients.adcolony.com, before publisher payments can be issued.

## AppLovin

SDK EULA

AppLovin Software Development Kit -- End User License Agreement

This End User License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement
between you (either an individual or an entity) and AppLovin
Corporation ("Company") regarding the use of Company's software
development kit entitled AppLovin SDK, which may include user
documentation provided in "online" or electronic form, object code,
interface declarations, assemblies, and sample source code (the
"Software"). By filling in the user information and clicking the
button marked "Agree", you agree to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
DO NOT SELECT THE "AGREE" BOX. YOU WILL NOT BE PROVIDED THE SOFTWARE
UNLESS AND UNTIL YOU HAVE AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.

Grant of License. Company grants to you:

(a) A nonexclusive, nontransferable, worldwide, royalty-free right and
(license to use, copy and distribute the Software in conjunction with
(the distribution of your own products the 'Products') and b) A
(nonexclusive, nontransferable, worldwide, royalty-free right and
(license to use the relevant and necessary components of the Software
(solely to incorporate the Software into the Products.

Proprietary Rights.

Company and its licensors own, and shall retain ownership of, all
right, title, and interest to the Software, including, without
limitation, all copyrights and other intellectual property rights
therein. Without limiting the foregoing, the Software is protected by
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
Therefore, you may not use, copy, or distribute the Software without
authorization.

Restrictions.

You may not (1) modify, create derivative works of, reverse engineer,
reverse compile, or disassemble the Software, except that you may
modify and create derivative works based upon the sample source code
included within the Software (the 'Sample Code') and distribute the
modified Sample Code in connection with the Product ; (2) distribute,
sell, lease, rent, lend, or sublicense any part of the Software to any
third party except as expressly provided herein and as necessary to
distribute the Product; (3) use the Software to develop software to
upload or otherwise transmit any material containing software viruses

or other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt,
destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware.

You may not represent that the Products are certified or otherwise
endorsed by Company. You may not use the Company name or any other
trademarks or service marks of Company in connection with the
Products.


You will not receive any support or subscription services for the
Software or any services from Company in connection with the Software,
except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

Data.

The Software is designed to, based on permission to be secured by you,
obtain and transmit to Company data from end users using the Products
to facilitate the serving of ads to such end users. Such data is
explained in the Company’s privacy policy. Without prejudice to
Section 16 of the AppLovin Terms of Use to which you are also a party,
you represent and warrant that in each instance you have been given
the right by your end users to collect and transmit such data to
Company and that you have and will abide by a privacy policy that (1)
discloses that third parties may be using cookies, web beacons, and
other technologies to collect information in connection with ad
serving through the Software and (2) permits your end users to opt-out
of tailored ad content.

Confidentiality.


You agree to maintain the confidentiality of any proprietary
information received by you during, or prior to entering into, this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the Software, that you
should know is confidential or proprietary based on the circumstances
surrounding the disclosure, including, without limitation, non-public
technical and business information ('Confidential Information') for a
period of five (5) years after the termination of this Agreement. This
section shall not apply to any publicly available or independently
developed information. You agree not to use said Confidential
Information for any purpose except as necessary to fulfill your
obligations and exercise your rights under this Agreement. You shall
protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure and unauthorized use of
the Company's Confidential Information to the same degree that you
take to protect your own confidential information and in no event less
than reasonable care.

Indemnification.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company, and any of
its directors, officers, employees, affiliates or agents, from and
against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities and other
expenses (including attorneys' fees), arising from your use,
modification and distribution of the Software or breach of this
Agreement.

Term and Termination.

This Agreement shall continue as long as you are in compliance with
the terms specified herein or until otherwise terminated. You and or
Company may terminate this Agreement for any reason at any time. You
agree, upon termination, to destroy all copies of the Software within
your possession or control. The Confidentiality, Indemnification, No
Warranties, Limitation of Liability, and General sections set out in
this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

NO WARRANTIES.

YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ANY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN OR COMPILED BY THE SOFTWARE. YOU ASSUME ALL
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR SELECTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR
INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS
OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO
THE SOFTWARE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY AND ITS
SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
COMPANY OR SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
DAMAGES IN ANY ONE OR MORE CAUSE OF ACTION EXCEED $50. THIS LIMITATION
WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE FAILURE OF ANY ESSENTIAL REMEDY. BECAUSE
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT


APPLY TO YOU.

U.S. Government-Restricted Rights.

The Software and accompanying documentation are deemed to be
"commercial computer software" and "commercial computer Software
documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and
FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction
release, performance, display or disclosure of the Software and
accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed
solely by the terms of this Agreement and shall be prohibited except
to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.

Export Restrictions.

You may not download, export, or re-export the Software (a) into, or
to a national or resident of, Cuba, Iraq, Libya, Yugoslavia, North
Korea, Iran, Syria or any other country to which the United States has
embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the United States Treasury
Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using
the Software, you are representing and warranting that you are not
located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any
such country or on any such list.

General.

This Agreement is governed by the laws of the United States and the
State of California, without reference to conflict of laws principles.
Any dispute between you and Company regarding this Agreement will be
subject to the exclusive venue of the state and federal courts in the
Northern District of California. This Agreement is the entire
agreement between you and Company and supersedes any other
communications or advertising with respect to the Software and
documentation. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the

remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

Correspondence.

Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, or if you

desire to contact Company for any reason, please direct all
correspondence to care@AppLovin.com.


## ChartboostSDK

LICENSE © 2011-2016 Chartboost. All rights reserved. LICENSE

## Firebase

Copyright 2016 Google

## FirebaseAnalytics

Copyright 2016 Google

## FirebaseCore

Copyright 2016 Google

## FirebaseInstanceID

Copyright 2016 Google

## FirebaseMessaging

Copyright 2016 Google

## FirebaseRemoteConfig

Copyright 2016 Google

## Google-Mobile-Ads-SDK

Copyright 2016 Google

## GoogleInterchangeUtilities

Copyright 2016 Google

## GoogleSymbolUtilities

Copyright 2016 Google

## GoogleToolboxForMac


                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


## UnityAds

See http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
